Farm9 Public License (FPL)
Version 1.0, April 4, 2000

The master copy of this license is available on the 
farm9.com, Inc. website at http://www.farm9.com/fpl.

Copyright (c) 2000 farm9.com, Inc. 
All rights reserved.  

farm9.com, Inc. 
1624 Todd Road, 
Santa Rosa, CA 95407 US

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim 
copies of this license document, but changing it is 
not allowed.

The approval of this license as a certified Open Source 
license is pending.

Permission is granted to distribute, run, modify, compile,
translate, port, sell, rent, lease or otherwise use this 
software in any manner so long as the following conditions 
are met (subject to the rights of prior contributors):

·	The farm9 Public License and associated statements of 
        copyright must be included verbatim with any 
        distribution of this work or any derivative works.

·	This software is provided by the copyright holders and 
        contributors ``as is'' and any express or implied 
        warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied 
        warranties of merchantability and fitness for a 
        particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event shall 
        farm9.com, Inc. or contributors be liable for any 
        direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, 
        or consequential damages (including, but not limited 
        to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss
        of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) 
        however caused and on any theory of liability, whether 
        in contract, strict liability, or tort (including 
        negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of 
        the use of this software, even if advised of the 
        possibility of such damage. You hereby indemnify 
        farm9.com and any other subsequent contributors 
        to this or derivative works for any liability incurred 
        as a result of your use or distribution of this software.

·	The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; 
        you must not claim that you wrote the original software. 
        If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment 
        in the product documentation would be appreciated but is 
        not required.  The use of "Powered by farm9" or 
        "Secured by farm9" is encouraged.

·	Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, 
        and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.

End of farm9 Public License Agreement
